good day dear today if my
the second part about the soviet swiss
knives
you can see this
interesting case points with a price of 15 kopecks
and
with a quality mark inside which lies
almost Soviet multitool
this knife was apparently made
plant glasman what about what says here
this is what I am looking like birdies cost
this knife at that time was 6
rubles, that is, in this knife Well, as
Here you see it has become so and then
very interesting unique items this
so he again also you see
a toothpick like this tweezers
also here is very unique again
thing for
to make such a plan is the answer and
the files of such interesting stuff didn't know
what were you that thing you could
target but nonetheless that is
see here the diamond file and here
such here and understandable bevel know for
what were they meant for but
no less on this side we have items
everything
further that we have more interesting it
awl intelligence that is like here you know on
standard victoroks ah have threw up.
kawai olkov hole punching any
holes in hard materials such as deev
where it does not take shila from this thin and
will take such an interesting intelligence
now on the inside but komi
understandably holy cause for any
rank in need blade of blades here
by the way a few well and now sorry for
my hands are not on the thousands of low buttons not
especially strong so the shields i will
pull out multitools this here
slender wedge
scissors
flat screwdriver and agree very
further interesting wedge
caches
and the last item
this opener st-1 must be noted that
Soviet-era openers were
quite peculiar reduce grab
Crescent this very often met
on knives somewhere in the seventies there
sixties after that
Soviet manufacturer switched all the same
on standard openers western
to sample
but I think so in the western way
note that
what is kai here not small that is
if we take an ordinary swiss knife
that is, you can see that in the headquarters and
here is much less I
asked the older generation for
what could be exactly such
small what on with so small
hibernating for which he received an answer that
Soviet times were really
bottles with narrower folders on like
it is not Russian butts and paws
narrower diameter nothing could
to target
Here is such an interesting Soviet knife
for this all bye
Here is such an interesting artifact
soviet period all bye